---
title: "Discovery coding, 2%ers and qubits"
meta_title: ""
description: "Discovery coding, 2%ers and Qubits"
date: "2025-02-20T18:27:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---

Another varied selection today with links to a style of coding called "Discovery Coding", the 2% of people that leave introverts energised and a nice introduction to the Microsoft announcement around qubit (quantum computers) developments.

__[Discovery Coding](https://jimmyhmiller.github.io/discovery-coding)__

I have been using an approach similar to this to discover what I need to know for a prototype of a potential future product. I was able to try out a large swathe of functionality very very quickly - I produced over 50% of the functionality in 2 days.


__[Find your 2%ers](https://joyarbitrage.substack.com/p/find-your-2ers)__

One of the main ways to identify an introvert v an extrovert is by their energy after meeting lots of people. I heard it once that an introvert starts with 5 coins and every time they meet someone they spend one of those coins. Meeting people drains them. An extrovert starts with no coins and with every person they meet they get a coin. Their energy increases with the more people they interact with. I definitely fit in the former camp. This article makes a further insight that there are some people, the 2%, that will leave even an introvert energised. There are certain people in my life that have this effect.


__[FAQ on Microsoft's topological qubit thing](https://scottaaronson.blog/?p=8669)__

I know basically nothing about qubits but saw Microsoft's announcement yesterday which was very celebratory. I like the way the author has used humour and an FAQ to explain in a little more detail what it actually means - in terms I mostly understand.


