---
title: "AI without the BS and code reviews"
meta_title: ""
description: "A video about AI without the BS and what makes code reviews useful."
date: "2025-03-07T21:44:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---
An excellent keynote video on AI with some great hands on demos and a study backing up what makes code reviews useful.

##### [Keynote: AI without the BS, for humans [Video]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYUicaho5k8)

Some really nice demos on how generative AI works and its limitations - and Scott Hanselman is a brilliant speaker.

##### [What makes a code review useful?](https://rdel.substack.com/p/rdel-80-what-makes-a-code-review)

Interesting results from a study on effective code reviews. Nothing especially groundbreaking but nice to know the study backs them up. The specific details they noticed are:

- **Experience matters**: Reviewers who had previously worked on a file provided more useful feedback, with their comments being rated 74% useful compared to 60% useful for first-time reviewers.
- **Comment density drops in large reviews**: The more files in a change, the lower the proportion of useful comments— suggesting that small, focused changes improve review quality.
- **New hires show an improvement curve**: Reviewers' usefulness improves dramatically in their first year but plateaus afterward.
- **Certain types of comments are more useful**: Comments identifying functional defects or validation gaps were rated over 80% useful, while vague questions and generic praise were deemed useful less than 50% of the time.
- **Psychological safety improves effectiveness**: Developers were more likely to leave critical and useful feedback in teams with open, supportive cultures.

