---
title: "English for programming, blogging v AI and speaking up"
meta_title: ""
description: "English for programming, blogging v AI and speaking up"
date: "2025-02-26T18:20:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---
Is there a chance that all programs in future will be written in English rather than a programming language? Why we should still blog even though AI can create everything so well and so quickly. And how to speak up for something you believe in.


##### [Can English Dethrone Python as Top Programming Language?](https://thenewstack.io/can-english-dethrone-python-as-top-programming-language/)

It is quite a bold claim that "the hottest new programming language is English". With the ability to generate some applications just by describing them in words it has become a powerful way to generate certain types of software. However there is a point where the requirements become more complex and specific which means they need more and more refining, taking it closer to current programming. When this happens it becomes an interesting question if English is still the most efficient way to define and resolve the problem? 


##### [It's still worth blogging in the age of AI](https://www.gilesthomas.com/2025/02/blogging-in-the-age-of-ai)

It is very easy to worry about how many people read a post. It is a way to learn and spread knowledge to others.

> "Blogging isn't just about being read -- it's about learning and thinking, and having a durable proof that you can do both." 


##### [I love good sentences](https://matthewdicks.com/i-love-good-sentences/)

Matthew Dicks is a world class storyteller, and a teacher. He explains how he has to speak up if he sees something is wrong and/or needs to change. It is starts with a single sentence. And if that doesn't work he gives a great backup story about how not continuing to speak up for something potentially caused the loss of life with the Space Shuttle. Do you have the courage to speak up on something and continue to speak up?


