---
title: "Apple & AI is like MS & mobile and AI to seed a power revolution"
meta_title: ""
description: "Apple treating AI like Microsoft treated mobile and AI to seed a power revolution "
date: "2025-03-12T18:08:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---

Could Apple miss out on AI in the same way Microsoft missed out on mobile, and could the AI bubble bring a revolution in power?


##### [Apple does AI as Microsoft did mobile](https://world.hey.com/dhh/apple-does-ai-as-microsoft-did-mobile-df2c98ca)

There are certain similarities between the way Microsoft (mis)handled the mobile era and the way Apple is approaching the new wave of AI. 

Microsoft (Steve Ballmer) were very dismissive when the iPhone came out and it looks like Apple may have made the same mistake with AI and are now trying to play catch up. I guess they have enough money in the bank to potentially buy a company to close any gaps.


##### [What's next after the AI bubble bursts?](https://www.seangoedecke.com/after-the-ai-bubble/)

Feel free to ignore the stuff in this article about the AI bubble bursting but some of the observations in this are interesting. 

When the railroad bubble burst in America the telegraph poles that they used for signalling paved the way for a communications revolution. The speculation is that if/when the AI bubble bursts it might actually be the investment in generating power for the data centres that could pave the way to a power revolution. The recommissioning of nuclear power stations and the development of new power sources could be a side effect of the current AI explosion.

As an aside, in the early days of the company I work for there were rumours of the management team having conversations with a third party to recommission a nuclear power plant somewhere in the former USSR to power a bitcoin mining data centre. 
