---
title: "AI projects and naming"
meta_title: ""
description: "Can we now tackle projects that were too big using AI and should we ignore getting the best name for something?"
date: "2025-03-28T08:20:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---

Can we know tackle projects that were too big using AI and should we ignore getting the best name for something?

##### [With AI You Need to Think Much Bigger!](https://rodyne.com/?p=1828)

Can AI make projects possible that were previously too big? 

A hardware engineer discusses projects they turned down in the past as being too big or complex that are now feasible using AI; tasks that can be completed in orders of magnitude less time. 

I have found with my limited experiments that it helps solve the "syntax problem". If you have a background in development, when starting with a language or technology you don't know one of the biggest blockers is setup and the syntax of the language. I know how to program but there is a hurdle even in doing the simple stuff. AI can solve that with help setting up an environment and then with the generation of the code - the syntax will mostly be correct and I can focus on what it actually does.

I am now able to try things quickly that would have been painful to start in the past.


##### [The name doesn't matter (that much)](https://seths.blog/2025/03/the-name-doesnt-matter/)

One of the big challenges in writing software is naming things. I have seen developers spend hours deliberating on what to name something.

It can be even more difficult to name a company or a product, especially if you want the .com domain as well. Seth Godin argues that maybe the name doesn't matter as much as we think and gives examples where the name is not well known but the name has a story behind it.

> Nike is hard to pronounce. Starbucks is named after an obscure character in a mostly unreadable book. Apple is named after a fruit, Google is spelled wrong.

Maybe a good enough name will work better than the carefully chosen name.

