---
title: "Mona Lisa, people as resources and AI saves a life"
meta_title: ""
description: "The fame of the Mona Lisa, people as resources and ChatGPT saving a life."
date: "2025-02-25T17:11:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---
How the Mona Lisa became the most famous painting in the world due to newspapers, forgetting people are really people and the advice from ChatGPT saving a life.

##### [The Mona Lisa problem](https://seths.blog/2025/02/the-mona-lisa-problem/)

The Mona Lisa only became famous when it was stolen and it aligned with the wider broadcasting of news through newspapers. When the next painting was stolen things had changed and it would not become famous like its predecessor.
> Making the next version of something is a completely different project than creating the conditions for the first version to happen.


##### [Seeing people as resources](https://kinlane.com/2025/02/24/seeing-people-as-resources/)

There can be a growing disconnect between treating people as real people versus just as a resource, especially in larger companies. The more disconnected we become the less we treat people the way they should be. 
> When you live by and die by capitalism, it is easy to reduce humans into the same places you put trees, mountains, and rivers—-just another resource to be exploited and managed.


##### [ChatGPT saved my Life (No, seriously, I’m writing this from the ER)](https://hardmodefirst.xyz/chatgpt-saved-my-life-no,-seriously,-im-writing-this-from-the-er)

An amazing story of how someone diagnosing lab results using ChatGPT probably saved their life. The delay in the doctor analysing the results and a worrying change in symptoms caused them to consult ChatGPT and they were advised in no uncertain terms to get to ER; and the AI diagnosis was correct.


