---
title: "Blogging, AI interviewing and coding hats"
meta_title: ""
description: "Blogging with no readers, AI and interviewing and coding hats."
date: "2025-02-10T17:33:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---

A collection of links about blog writing, AI and the interview process and coding hats.

##### [Why Blog If Nobody Reads It?](https://andysblog.uk/why-blog-if-nobody-reads-it/)

Andy writes about how the number of readers of a blog is not the most important thing - it is the writing itself. It reinforces that even if it just helps me it is worth me writing blog posts.


##### [The Impact of AI on the Technical Interview Process](https://coderev.app/blog/the-impact-of-ai-on-the-technical-interview-process)

We have seen potential candidates blatantly using AI when being interviewed including one candidate who inadvertently shared her screen including the windows she was using to prompt the AI to answer our questions. I think there is currently a learning exercise on how much we should allow candidates to rely on AI as opposed to their underlying knowledge. This article proposes that using a code review is one of the best approaches. It is something we have always leaned on. We ask candidates to do a technical test and then as the next step we do a code review with them to talk through their submission and the reasoning behind it.


##### [Five coding hats](https://dubroy.com/blog/five-coding-hats/)

This is based on Edward de Bono's book called the Six Thinking Hats. I remember reading it many years ago and thinking it was an interesting approach. This proposes using a similar approach to coding where you where a different hat depending on the type of code you are looking to produce.


