---
title: "AI jobs scam, book lengths, WASM and Git line endings"
meta_title: ""
description: "An AI job application scam, non-fiction books are too long, WASM will replacing containers and line endings causing problems in Git."
date: "2025-02-12T17:43:00"
categories:
  - Links
author: Mark Rainey
tags: []
draft: false
---

Today's links are about an AI job application scam, why non-fiction books are too long, whether WASM will replace containers and how line endings cause problems in Git.

##### [I'm a security expert and I almost fell for this IT job scam](https://www.theregister.com/2025/02/11/it_worker_scam/)

Following up on the use of AI in the interview process, a security researcher discusses multiple attempts by candidates to use AI with relative success until they tried to change their appearance on a video call.


##### [Non-Fiction Has Bad Incentives](https://borretti.me/article/non-fiction-has-bad-incentives)

I've often felt that a lot of non-fiction books could be compressed to a few pages or a single chapter. This article identifies a misalignment between the writer and the reader. I have wondered if there is a market for short non-fiction, maybe limited to 50 pages or similar. The Oxford University Press "Very Short Introductions" series is the closest I have seen.


##### [WASM will replace containers](https://creston.blog/wasm-will-replace-containers/)

I am not so buoyant as the author about WASM replacing containers, at least in the short tem, but I can see the potential benefits it might bring. DevOps and containers have definitely grown significantly in complexity. I also like the way they highlight that CloudFlare Workers communicate with no need for external communication.


##### [The hell of Git line endings and the (not so) simple fix - Born SQL](https://bornsql.ca/blog/the-hell-of-git-line-endings-and-the-not-so-simple-fix/)

The "joy" of different line endings and Git. As I mostly use Windows I often see a warning when pushing code about line endings.


